Update README.md (#1)
Textualize/textual-web: README.md

### Terminal configutation

> You can also add a terminal to the configuration file, in a similar way.

Author: My suggested change assumes that immediately below we explain how exactly to add multiple terminals.
Other possible wordings:

```suggestion
You can also add one or more terminals to the configuration file, in a similar way.
```

```suggestion
You can also add terminals to the configuration file, in a similar way.
```
